# DKPM

Student: 20154953 Man Ho Yin
UK Supervisor: Dr. Hafizul Asad
HK Supervisor: Dr. Ivy Wong

Project Vision

Technology is changing with each passing day, advances in technology allow people to use different electronic devices to do different things anytime and anywhere such as online backing, online shopping, browsing different information, etc. Users often use their personal information to enter different systems and register their own account. If the user carelessly uses it and the system has vulnerabilities, this will give hackers a chance to steal personal information and attack the system for their further illegal action. It will increase the risk of hacking if users are using the same password. Hackers can easily enter different systems and steal all your information after they get your password which is the same of different system, and then they will steal the data to extort you or for the illegal use.
Since more and more different systems now require a login to use, passwords are becoming more important and confidential. In order to protect each login, a manger software is needed to design for each login of different system, and it can help to encrypt all your passwords and save it in a secure place. And this system can also help you manage all accounts on different web application, users don’t need to remember each complex password or save the password in other places. In order to maintain the uniqueness of the password and make sure that each password is very complex and difficult to remember, the software can also help user to generate a complex password when it detects user is creating a new account on different web application. After first time login, the password will be encrypted and saved, and the manager will help user login automatically next time. And the advantages of this software can help user to defense against the phishing and pharming. This manager program would help user compare the frequently used links with the links you log in each time, it will help users log in to the system automatically after the program is checked and confirmed the application is safe. It prevents hackers from using phishing sites to steal user login information.
 To ensure the manager is secure to protest against, that it will provide a multi-factor authentication to confirm the user is the real user and they are not hackers. The first layer of authentication may request the user input the correct username and password, and the system will also provide a one-time verification code for program login. This verification code will be updated continuously, before the user log in to the system successfully. If users input the username and password wrong more than five times, the account will be locked. Then, users need to wait few seconds to login again, if there are too many errors, the waiting time will continue to add, and users need to answer few questions of their account to proof that they are the account owners. The second layer is the graphical password authentication. In this method, the user is required to select some images in a specific pattern. Those images which the user chose at the first time of their login. Their choice will be saved in a secure database and the records are encrypted for the protection of the data. Next time the user tries to log in, the images would have been shown up again and shuffled, but the user will be required to follow the same pattern which was used initially. Every time the user will have to use the same sequence while the images are placed in different ways. This type of authentication is difficult to break since neither brute force nor dictionary attacks could breach it.
The login system will record any error record and observe the user’s use for each time login to make sure that the system is more secured for user to use and not give a chance to steal the information from the system easily. Also, the program will show past login history and some weird login record. This can help the users to know if a criminal is trying to log in.
